Add Changes to Contract ReadMe and Main ReadMe (#13)
sorXCode/merkle-airdrop-starter-ERC721: README.md

# Web3Bridge Certificate Merkle Airdrop

A Web3Bridge certificate contract that is an ERC721 token airdrop to a Merkle tree of recipients(Web3Bridge Students).

### Live Version
- [Claim Web3Bridge Certificate](https://merkle-airdrop-starter-erc-721.vercel.app/)

### Built With:
- Solidity
- Foundry
- Typescript
- Nextjs
- OpenZeppelin's ERC721
## Getting Started 

Steps:

> 1. Generate Merkle tree of recipients by following README in [generator/](https://github.com/Anish-Agnihotri/merkle-airdrop-starter/tree/master/generator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate Merkle tree of recipients by following README in [generator/](https://github.com/sorxcode/merkle-airdrop-starter-ERC721/tree/master/generator)
```

> 2. Setup and deploy MerkleClaimERC721 contracts by following README in [contracts/](https://github.com/Anish-Agnihotri/merkle-airdrop-starter/tree/master/contracts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Setup and deploy the MerkleClaimERC721 contract by following README in [contracts/](https://github.com/sorxcode/merkle-airdrop-starter-ERC721/tree/master/contracts)
```

> 3. Setup and deploy front-end by following README in [frontend/](https://github.com/Anish-Agnihotri/merkle-airdrop-starter/tree/master/frontend)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Setup and deploy front-end by following README in [frontend/](https://github.com/sorxcode/merkle-airdrop-starter-ERC721/tree/master/frontend)
```

### Contributors
- [Cohort VI - Web3Bridge](Web3bridge.com)
### How to Contribute
- Fork the repository
- Git clone https://github.com/your-username/merkle-airdrop-starter-ERC721
- git checkout -b branch name

> - git remote add upstream https://github.com/jebitok-dev/merkle-airdrop-starter-ERC721

Reviewer: should we keep the upstream to the current repo?

```suggestion
- git remote add upstream https://github.com/sorxcode/merkle-airdrop-starter-ERC721
```

- git pull upstream master
- git commit -m "commit message"
- git push -u origin HEAD

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgment

> - We acknowledge the creators of the [Merkle Airdrop Starter](https://github.com/sorXCode/merkle-airdrop-starter-ERC721) and [Web3Bridge](https://www.web3bridge.com/) for project instructions.

Reviewer: The original creator of the Merkle Airdrop Starter is @Anish-Agnihotri , should we link this to the original repo?

```suggestion
- We acknowledge the creators of the [Merkle Airdrop Starter](https://github.com/Anish-Agnihotri/merkle-airdrop-starter) and [Web3Bridge](https://www.web3bridge.com/) for project instructions.
```
